This file is special to me. It is the dawn of something great. My actual stepping career! Out with the old F8
minipack of doom junk. It was time to make true art... Let me explain.

Back in 2008 when I discovered StepMania, the first thing I wanted to attempt was creating songs. There were
two problems: 1) all the songs I wanted to step didn't have a constant BPM, making it very hard to keep sync.
2) I wasn't very good at stepping. 

All the experience I had prior to Stepmania was making songs for the Guitar Hero clone "Frets on Fire". (I'm
sad to report all my Frets on Fire songs were lost, but they were nothing special. I distinctly remember
making songs for "Yesterday", "Stairway to Heaven", "Pirates of the Caribbean theme", and "Whenever,
Whenever". In most songs I was layering the drum and vocals into the guitar chart. What can I say... I was
14!)

My first incomplete Stepmania file was Goodbye Yellow Brick Road by Elton John. Doesn't scream StepMania
material, I agree with you. The next one was Bring Back That Leroy Brown by Queen. Unfortunately, both songs
were lost forever due to computer malfunctions. It's ok, they were not really great to begin with.

Then, I stepped the files for the F8 Minipack of Doom (Hell in 3 Seconds, The Time Warp and Jungle). We all
know how that went.

Then, I stepped Winter and Rose, my earliest attempts at making a complete StepMania song (at least, if I
recall correctly). I think I also stepped Candypop and FFReedom at that point. Fortunately, these songs are
safe (and part of this pack).

Then, FlashFlashRevolution crashed for about 10 months. I don't really remember what I did during that time,
since there's no record for the year 2009.

In 2010, FlashFlashRevolution came back, prompting me to give stepping another shot. I was in grade 11-12 at
the time and had a better understanding of English, which helped reading tutorials online. I was still surfing
Newgrounds (which wasn't dead back then) and stumbled upon musician Nick Perrin. This was love at first sight
for me: his songs were mostly piano, which is one of my favorite styles, and were played at a pace where I
could play my own songs. I believe in 2010-2011 I stepped 6 or 7 songs from the guy, it was insane. I even
sent him a direct message on Newgrounds to ask for permission to use his songs in FFR, and he said YES!!

Nocturne Ab Min No. 2 was stepped WITHOUT DDReamStudio, of which I knew nothing at the time. I synced it out of
sheer determination and love for the song. It never made its way into FlashFlashRevolution, but it got the
attention of psychoangel691, who invited me to join the Dragons Fury community. That community contained many
people who would become the new generation of simfile makers for a certain period. I learned a great deal
about stepping from that forum, including learning about DDReamStudio from who_cares973. Magical times.

This file was previously rejected by the FFR judges (and rightfully so). I am very excited to finally release
it, since behing the scenes it was an essential evolutional step for me.

Please enjoy this out-of-sync mess. It was made with an immense amount of love. Without it, this entire pack
would probably not exist.

Here is the earliest known version of this file: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4eWbiHLXEa8

-mn
