This song was created in 2012 as part of [midnghtraver](https://www.flashflashrevolution.com/profile/midnghtraver/)'s thread [Lets make a rap song about pizza](https://www.flashflashrevolution.com/vbz/showthread.php?t=125238).

The chart was created on June 12 at 23h30 using a combination of
DDReamStudio and Etterna on my Steam Deck. Playtesting was hard because
I don't know how to reset the damn cache in Etterna. Gaaah-d damnit!

The background art was created than none other than Hateandhatred using
A.I. with the prompt "realistic ginger man, wearing a hatsune miku
shirt, wearing girl panties on his head, panicking on the phone while
his pizza bursting in flames". Nailed it.

-----------------------------------------------------
LYRICS:

Yeah-yuh!
Felix ghetto blaster here
Ready to blow your mind away with the whitest rap ever
Here we go

Alright so hangin' out
At my favorite local grocery store
Gotta buy something, yet I'm fucking poor
I'm just searching for some food I won't feel sorry for
When then I stumble upon pizzas lying on the floor
I look at them, while they stare at me
I notice the price, makes me smile with glee
They're on sale! That means they're also super fucking cheap
And not only that, they're also mine to keep

Just smell that pepperoni and that feta cheese
Tomatoes, sliced ham, pesto and grease
In my mouth they'll make my mind go insane
But first I gotta wait a while, did you see that lane?
Never mind. I'm in my car already
The smell of frozen food drives me crazy
I burn a red light, someone shouts to me I'm a cock
Well blame the pizza dude it made my dick as hard as a rock!

Back at home, and how the hell does my oven work?
Then the phone rings just in time to make me curse
Well fuck it! I'm too damn hungry it makes me cranky
Drop a message and I'll call you back, I guarantee
Alright! The oven's set to three-fifty degrees
Now I gotta wait thirty more minutes, are you kidding me!?
Fine. At this point, I don't care.
Let's get this over with, now what's that smell in the air?

Holy shit! My pizza's on fire
What the fuck do I do? The tension's getting higher
I call my mom and tell her about this situation
She tells me "Dude I should've aborted you you fucking demon!"
Then she hangs up. Thanks a lot, you bitch
I never asked to be the son of a fifty year old witch
So that's the end, and wanna know the best part of it?
I can't eat that fucking pizza, it tastes like shit!

Fucking shit.

Goddamnit.
