My 13th file on FFR.

In that point in time, I had 11 songs in game. The judges definitely knew who I was, but I didn't feel the
players themselves were really playing my files at all (except for Automata, which I got an amazing feedback
from). I then started thinking that I had to step intense japanese-touhou-muzie shit like oster project (when
she doesn't do jazz) or xi to interest players in my files. After a quick listen to both artists, I decided to
opt for xi with this particular file. It was my hardest file at the time and I guess it came out pretty well.
Not being a really good player myself, I always try to make the file more fun than technical. On that special
occasion, I think I managed to have a good balance between both. Oh, and, also, since the name of the song
begins with a dot, it's at the top of the "all songs" list, so every player sees it before clicking on another
song, which is good advertisement for me! Smart move, MN. ;) Side note: Originally, this song had a ton of
hands, but I felt it didn't really match the old school "this song is so Japanese" feel of it, so I removed
them. That means that this song has quads, but no hands. rofl!

Another thing of note that I almost completely forgot: there was a feud between a user called Frozen Beat and
me regarding this song.  After my chart got accepted in the FFR queue, he pm'ed me and wanted to collaborate
on a chart together to replace my accepted version. "That's ridiculous, why would I do that? I'm proud of my
chart", I remember thinking to myself. I took a gamble and told him to submit his own version and try to
dethrone mine, because I did not want to give a creative inch to someone else on a file I intended to release
on my own. His version got rejected, and the story ended there.

Looking back, I feel I was kind of a dick to Frozen Beat in the way I handled the situation. I was full of
myself, because I had managed to release a few songs in the game. I think that if the same thing were to
happen today, I would probably follow the same course of actions, but I would try to stay humble and not put
myself on a pedestal. So, 7 years later, sorry to Frozen Beat for coming off as a pretentious prick. Wherever
you are, I hope you didn't give up your dream to make step charts!

-mn
